hey guys welcome back to my channel and
welcome back to blind bag happy hour
which is number 50 already that's crazy
but it's really easy to get up high when
you do them every single day - that one
week that I skipped but anyway since
this is blind bag happy hour 50 I
thought I'd do one of my favourite blind
bags which is unicorn oh series three
and these have been requested a lot and
I actually have I also figured I
normally do like four or I mean I
normally do like six four to six it
depends but I actually have seven of
these to open some so excited since
these if you guys do like these ones I
did find these at my local Barnes and
Noble store and I think they're like 750
or something 785 something like that so
anyways let's go get these seven open
and see which ones I got from bloodbag
happy hour 50 alright so here's all
seven of my boxes you know I am checking
the store make sure these are serious
three series through series through yeah
they're all serious three okay so I've
opened some of these before they're
really really cool I'm gonna show you
guys some of the ones on the fact that I
still need there are two chasers this
one I hear dry goes a chaser and then
Milo's a chaser but I actually already
have this case right here but I do not
have Milo but anyways I don't have this
one a little princess one I don't have
horse Milo I don't have Cleo I don't
have pixie and I don't have Cosmo so
what is that five one two but you know
just five out here that I still need so
hopefully I can get least one new one
but if I get doubles I don't really
mindful of you all these let's go and
get these open and see who I got in here
yay oh you know I'm surprised if
somebody's mean a chaser with these two
being a chaser these two oh this guy so
I do have this guy he's really cool
though there was his name scooter here's
scooter so these are really really cool
see I just loved hope you dopey stuff
detail is just really really good and as
you can tell my scooter is just really
cool there's standout weather while in
ourselves they're just really nice
artistic pieces aren't working so yeah
their scooter all right it's got open
box number two come on do what I want to
get a new one
boxes oh this one again I mean first one
for this video but I actually have this
one her name is margarita C Mar mark
Rita pictures like margarita bar Marge
Heredia EDA I don't know why I call
margarita I don't know but she's really
really cute look at her she's very
spring timing and she's very very
colorful I think other tales can go up
it's kind of like they're glowing and I
love this one's flower in her hair cuz
look it's like a skull that she's really
cool as you can see I'm just you know
she's a girl you can tell them these but
their little eyelashes right here that
mean she was a girl and this one's a boy
cuz he doesn't have low eyelashes
alrighty let's go ahead and open box
number three I actually have some before
and then in a fan mail salon City this
one so now this is my third one I love
it cuz look at that she has little
hearts in her eyes she's really really
cute and she looks like cuz she's
wearing like a little ladybug outfit she
was a little ladybug right there and she
was a little school right there in the
front she's really cute she's one of my
favorites alrighty box number 4
let's see still no new one hoping to get
at least hopefully - this one's cool is
it Elaine Cosmo or something let's quit
in your name balls yeah it's Cosmo so
this one's new for me Cosmo look at her
she's so cool look at him it's a boy you
can tell her his eyes it's Cosmo look
either that little stars on his wings
he's so cool and says tokidoki in this
when i guess a spaceship I don't know if
I'm Honda from toebox but people had
this one but I'm sure she liked it
because it's like aliens and space and
stuff this was really cool I'm loving in
a calque each other and this like pearly
color Tellem mane
he's cool yeah we have another new one
all right box number five you got free
luck at least one new one oh my god so
many ladybug ones on this is my fourth
ladybug one luckily she wore my
favorites and she be like you I really
need to give one to my mom
my mom likes a ladybug one alright it's
going to open up bag number six let's
see what we got here
tiger or something I have this one as
well her name or his name is rocky yeah
so here's Rocky's gate you never seen
Rocky well there are so many doubles in
this one I was hoping for more new ones
oh whoa here's rocky rocky looks cool
like it looks like a cat look even his
ears are kind of like cat ears all right
you guys last one box number seven come
on V one I don't have fleas and don't be
another ladybug one I have enough of
that one so this one we got Cleo that's
right here so that means out of this
series all I need is I need the princess
one and I think this one so I need Milo
I need pixie I need low Lopes ax anyways
here's the Cleo one she looks really
cool she's like a cleo de Nile type of
page really glows she's got one earring
up here but the D Thomas is really cool
throw these like Egyptian markings and
they're like they're like that one that
one counts like a Hello Kitty one but
the little tokidoki pig ears but anyways
oh they're telling the doot on her tail
alright gang so here's the ones I got
for this opening I only got two new ones
but at least I got two new ones so
that's good so I'm going to closer to
completing my collection and I got two
ladybug ones are still really cool
doubles but I definitely would like to
get the whole entire collection for sure
one day so here's all the ones that I
got all right guys let's go right but
blind bag happy hour 50 I hope you guys
have enjoyed it and I hope you guys have
enjoyed all 50 episodes if you've
actually seen them all thumbs up if you
guys have seen all 50 blind bag happy
hours I'll be surprised anyways I only
picked my one favorite but since I got
these both new ones and they're both
shiny metallic II and I like them both
this one's a boy alone the girl I'm
picking Cleo and Cosmo as my favors this
opening cuz they're both really cool so
again guys if you guys are all looking
for those ones you can find them at your
local Barnes & Noble store or you can
give online probably so thank you guys
so much for watching I love you guys
I'll see you guys later bye